README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
# Google reCAPTCHA v3
NEXT_PUBLIC_RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY=your_recaptcha_site_key_here
RECAPTCHA_SECRET_KEY=your_recaptcha_secret_key_here
RECAPTCHA_SCORE_THRESHOLD=0.5  # Optional: Score threshold (0.0 to 1.0), default is 0.5

# Database (if using Prisma)
DATABASE_URL=your_database_url_here
```

To get your reCAPTCHA keys:
1. Visit [Google reCAPTCHA Admin Console](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin/create)
2. Register your site and select reCAPTCHA v3
3. Add your domain(s)
4. Copy the Site Key and Secret Key to your `.env.local` file

### Running the Development Server

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

📝 docs(env): add comprehensive environment variables documentation

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Environment Variables

This project requires several environment variables to be configured. For detailed documentation on all environment variables, including setup instructions, examples, and troubleshooting, see [ENV.md](./ENV.md).

**Quick Start**: Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory. At minimum, you'll need:

```env
# Database (required for newsletter functionality)
DATABASE_URL=mysql://user:password@localhost:3306/bobcares

# Google reCAPTCHA v3 (required for newsletter functionality)
NEXT_PUBLIC_RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY=your_recaptcha_site_key_here
RECAPTCHA_SECRET_KEY=your_recaptcha_secret_key_here
```

See [ENV.md](./ENV.md) for:
- Complete list of all environment variables
- Detailed descriptions and usage
- Setup instructions for each service
- Example `.env.local` template
- Security best practices

### Running the Development Server

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
